ASSOCIATION OF VINFAST OWNERS (AVO)
BOARD OF DIRECTORS MEETING MINUTES

==================================================
MEETING DATE: July 12, 2025
TIME: 8:30 AM PST / 11:30 AM EST
LOCATION: Discord Voice Channel
FACILITATOR: [Board Chair Name]
NOTE TAKER: [Secretary Name]
==================================================

ATTENDEES:
✓ [Chair Name] - President
✓ [Vice Chair Name] - Vice President
✓ [Secretary Name] - Secretary
✓ [Treasurer Name] - Treasurer
✓ [Director Name] - Director at Large

ABSENT:
- None

GUESTS:
- None

==================================================
1. CALL TO ORDER
==================================================

The meeting was called to order at 8:32 AM PST by [Chair Name].

Quorum confirmed: 5/5 board members present.

==================================================
2. APPROVAL OF PREVIOUS MEETING MINUTES
==================================================

Motion: Approve minutes from June 15, 2025 board meeting
Link to previous minutes: [URL or file location]

Discussion: No corrections or amendments proposed.

VOTE:
- In favor: 5
- Against: 0
- Abstain: 0

RESULT: Motion PASSED unanimously.

==================================================
3. OFFICER UPDATES
==================================================

PRESIDENT (Chair):
- Welcomed board and reviewed agenda
- Provided update on VinFast corporate outreach efforts
- Discussed upcoming member growth initiatives

VICE PRESIDENT:
- Regional meetup planning in Southern California (September target)
- Coordinating with local VinFast owners for venue selection

TREASURER:
- Current balance: $[AMOUNT]
- Membership dues collected: [NUMBER] members at $[AMOUNT] each
- Pending expenses: Website hosting ($15/year), AVO stickers ($200 estimated)
- Financial report will be shared in Discord #board-finance channel

SECRETARY:
- Meeting minutes from last session published
- Member communications sent via Discord and email
- Maintaining board documentation and governance records

DIRECTOR AT-LARGE:
- Tech platform updates (Discord moderation, website improvements)
- Member engagement metrics: [NUMBER] active Discord members
- Planning virtual Q&A session for new members

==================================================
4. FOLLOW-UP ON OPEN ITEMS
==================================================

ITEM 4.1: AVO Bylaws Finalization
Submitted by: [Secretary Name]
Background: Board to review and vote on final bylaws version

Discussion:
- Legal review completed by [volunteer attorney name]
- Minor edits to Article III (Board composition) incorporated
- Clarifications added to membership classes

VOTE TO APPROVE BYLAWS:
- In favor: 5
- Against: 0
- Abstain: 0

RESULT: Bylaws APPROVED. Secretary will publish final version to website.

ACTION ITEMS:
- [Secretary]: Post approved bylaws to vinfastowners.org/documents
- [Secretary]: Create PDF version for archival
- [Chair]: Announce bylaws approval to membership

---

ITEM 4.2: VinFast Corporate Communication Letter
Submitted by: [Chair Name]
Background: Draft open letter to VinFast leadership addressing member concerns

Discussion:
- Letter focuses on firmware updates, service communication, product roadmap transparency
- Emphasizes collaborative approach, not adversarial
- Will collect member signatures via Discord and email
- Target: 200+ signatures before sending

VOTE TO APPROVE LETTER:
- In favor: 4
- Against: 0
- Abstain: 1 (conflict of interest - works with VinFast vendor)

RESULT: Letter APPROVED.

ACTION ITEMS:
- [Chair]: Finalize letter text and prepare signature collection form
- [Vice President]: Create Discord announcement and pinned message
- [Director]: Set up Cognito Forms for signature collection
- Target send date: July 26, 2025

---

ITEM 4.3: Website Launch (vinfastowners.org)
Submitted by: [Director Name]
Background: Website is ready for public launch

Discussion:
- All pages completed: Home, Board, Documents, Join, Bylaws
- Content reviewed and approved
- Membership form functional
- GitHub Pages hosting confirmed
- DNS pending from domain administrator

VOTE TO LAUNCH WEBSITE:
- In favor: 5
- Against: 0
- Abstain: 0

RESULT: Website launch APPROVED.

ACTION ITEMS:
- [Director]: Coordinate DNS setup with domain administrator
- [Director]: Test all pages and forms before announcement
- [Chair]: Draft website launch announcement for Discord and Facebook
- Launch target: July 15, 2025

==================================================
5. NEW AGENDA ITEMS
==================================================

ITEM 5.1: Membership Stickers and Merch
Submitted by: [Treasurer Name]
Background: Members requesting AVO branded stickers and merchandise

Discussion:
- Initial sticker design provided by member volunteer
- Estimated cost: $200 for 500 stickers ($0.40 each)
- Free distribution to first 100 members, then $2 each (covers cost + shipping)
- Future merch: T-shirts, hats, license plate frames (Phase 2)

VOTE TO APPROVE STICKER ORDER:
- In favor: 5
- Against: 0
- Abstain: 0

RESULT: Sticker order APPROVED up to $250 budget.

ACTION ITEMS:
- [Treasurer]: Obtain quotes from StickerMule, Sticker App, PrintRunner
- [Treasurer]: Place order after board approval of final design
- [Secretary]: Create sticker request form for members
- Target delivery: August 15, 2025

---

ITEM 5.2: Regional Meetup Planning
Submitted by: [Vice President]
Background: Plan first official AVO regional meetup

Discussion:
- Proposed location: Southern California (highest member concentration)
- Potential venues: Park, VinFast dealership, member's property
- Activities: Vehicle showcase, Q&A, group photo, test drives
- Target attendance: 20-30 members
- Date: September 14, 2025 (Saturday)

VOTE TO APPROVE REGIONAL MEETUP:
- In favor: 5
- Against: 0
- Abstain: 0

RESULT: Meetup planning APPROVED.

ACTION ITEMS:
- [Vice President]: Scout 3 potential venues and report back
- [Vice President]: Create event registration form
- [Director]: Design event graphics for social media
- [Chair]: Reach out to VinFast for potential sponsorship/support
- Planning deadline: August 1, 2025

---

ITEM 5.3: RepairWise Service Feedback Loop
Submitted by: [Board Member]
Background: Members experiencing frustration with RepairWise service coordination

Discussion:
- Members report circular referrals between VinFast and RepairWise
- No clear escalation path for unresolved service issues
- Proposal: Create member issue tracking system and escalation protocol
- AVO could serve as intermediary for persistent problems
- Similar issue in Canada with NAPA NexDrive

Board Discussion:
- Important member pain point to address
- Could strengthen value proposition of AVO membership
- Need to maintain constructive relationship with VinFast and service partners
- Focus on systemic improvements, not individual complaints

DECISION: Create Service Advocacy Committee to develop escalation protocol

ACTION ITEMS:
- [Chair]: Recruit 2-3 members for Service Advocacy Committee
- Committee: Develop issue tracking template and escalation workflow
- Committee: Report findings at next board meeting (October)
- Timeline: 90 days to develop initial protocol

==================================================
6. MEMBER PROPOSALS AND FEEDBACK
==================================================

Proposal submitted via board@vinfastowners.org:

PROPOSAL: Create Technical Wiki for Common Issues
From: [Member Name]
Content: Request to create a member-maintained wiki documenting common vehicle issues, solutions, and modifications

Board Discussion:
- Great idea, aligns with education mission
- Could reduce support burden on VinFast and RepairWise
- Legal consideration: disclaimer needed (not official VinFast guidance)
- Platform options: GitHub Wiki, Notion, Discord channels

DECISION: Defer to next meeting. Director to research platform options and present recommendations.

ACTION ITEM:
- [Director]: Research wiki platforms and present options at next meeting

==================================================
7. VOTING AND POLLS
==================================================

All votes conducted via voice vote during live Discord Stage.

Summary of votes this meeting:
1. Approve previous minutes: PASSED (5-0-0)
2. Approve bylaws: PASSED (5-0-0)
3. Approve VinFast letter: PASSED (4-0-1)
4. Approve website launch: PASSED (5-0-0)
5. Approve sticker order: PASSED (5-0-0)
6. Approve regional meetup: PASSED (5-0-0)

==================================================
8. ACTION ITEMS SUMMARY
==================================================

| TASK                                  | ASSIGNED TO     | DUE DATE   |
|---------------------------------------|-----------------|------------|
| Publish approved bylaws               | Secretary       | Jul 15     |
| Finalize VinFast letter               | Chair           | Jul 19     |
| Set up signature collection           | Director        | Jul 20     |
| Coordinate DNS setup                  | Director        | Jul 14     |
| Test website before launch            | Director        | Jul 14     |
| Draft website launch announcement     | Chair           | Jul 15     |
| Obtain sticker quotes                 | Treasurer       | Jul 20     |
| Create sticker request form           | Secretary       | Jul 25     |
| Scout meetup venues                   | Vice President  | Aug 1      |
| Create event registration form        | Vice President  | Aug 5      |
| Design event graphics                 | Director        | Aug 1      |
| Reach out to VinFast re: meetup       | Chair           | Jul 25     |
| Recruit Service Committee members     | Chair           | Aug 15     |
| Research wiki platform options        | Director        | Oct 1      |

==================================================
9. NEXT MEETING
==================================================

Next Regular Board Meeting: October 17, 2025
Time: 8:30 AM PST / 11:30 AM EST
Location: Discord Voice Channel
Format: Live (with async voting option for urgent items between meetings)

Tentative Agenda Items:
- Service Advocacy Committee report
- Wiki platform recommendation
- Regional meetup debrief
- Q4 budget planning
- Board elections timeline (January 2026)

==================================================
10. ADJOURNMENT
==================================================

Motion to adjourn: [Board Member Name]
Second: [Board Member Name]

Meeting adjourned at 10:05 AM PST.

Minutes prepared by: [Secretary Name]
Date: July 12, 2025

Approved by Board: [Pending next meeting]

==================================================

ATTACHMENTS:
- AVO Bylaws (Final Version)
- VinFast Corporate Letter (Draft)
- Treasurer's Financial Report Q2 2025
- Sticker Design Mockups
- Regional Meetup Proposal

DISTRIBUTION:
- All Board Members
- Posted to: vinfastowners.org/documents
- Announced in: Discord #announcements
- Archived in: Google Drive > AVO Board > Meeting Minutes

==================================================
END OF MINUTES
==================================================


-----------------------------------------------------------
INSTRUCTIONS FOR UPDATING THIS TEMPLATE:
-----------------------------------------------------------

1. Replace [BRACKETED ITEMS] with actual names, dates, and details
2. Add/remove agenda items as needed for each meeting
3. Keep the format consistent for easy reading
4. Include specific vote counts (in favor, against, abstain)
5. List all action items with assigned person and deadline
6. Attach relevant documents referenced in minutes
7. Publish within 7 days of meeting to vinfastowners.org
8. Archive previous minutes before replacing this file

This template follows Robert's Rules of Order (simplified)
and maintains transparency for AVO membership.
